Repositories implemented.
We have our data model implemented.
We have repositories enable the application runs.
So it's time to start working on the API.
Going to create a new Java class.
We're going to call it off controller.
And the first thing I'm going to do is annotate this with rest controller.
So Rest Control is this special spring annotation that will tell that this class is a controller.
It those requests that are dispatched to the server.
They are and allowed by this class and the rest controller because there is also one application when
notation called controller at rest controller actually extends a controller and adds some other things
like that.
Every request will have a response body, for example.
So next step is to do a request mapping and to say that I want.
All the requests that are done to API to be handled by this class is what I'm doing here.
Every request.
To slash CPI will be mapped list and the next step is to do and get mapping.
Valley.
Slush.
Ello.
And I will map this slush yellow to this method.
Call them.
Hello.
No arguments.
And then I will just return.
A string that says, look.
So every request in API slash hello will be handled by this method.
It's time for me to run.
My application.
And now if I do, uh, requests.
If when you get request local posts.
Hello.
To be a thousand.
We call it a low request.
He'd say, get requests.
If I send these requests.
I have 411 authorized.
And if I do this in the browser.
I will have a please signing message.
This happens because we are using spring security and we didn't disable it yet.
So spring security still securing your application and we will have to disable it too because we are
not working with spring security for authentication.
We are building something ourselves.
So I need to create or create a package this time.
Okay.
Config to store all the configurations of our application.
Now create a new java class and these will have a class will be called security config.
Okay.
I went, What
first thing I'm going to do is to annotate this as a configuration class.
Okay.
Something tells me it's a spring.
Uh, spring.
Uh, configurations, spring invitations that tell that these are configuration class.
This extends Web security configured and adaptive.
This is the way that we customized spring security.
It's extending this this class in Springwood and now I'm going to override methods.
So those are the methods of the class.
I want to override this one.
So it's protected method, HTP security.
And then I want to do HTP.
Authorize HDP requests.
And matures so all requests that mature much this pattern.
So any pattern.
Permit all.
I want to to permit to allow all requests that match this pattern to be handled.
So I can now.
Relaunched the application.
If I run my request again, I will get my string a little.
I can show it in the browser as well.
API.
Aiello now says it will.
So my security configuration is now disabled and we can implement the methods that we want.
We are ready to work on the rest.